and okay, how are you? thanks .
today I came to tell you about many things
Actually, I came to thank.
the first are coming to 10
thousand enrolled so I'm already
celebrating and you asked me what
I would do to celebrate these ten thousand
enrolled
I'm thinking of doing is five.
videos
the journey to the second Tuesday,
Friday, but I do not know if you guys will like
videos every day you leave me
here in the comments if you like and
also to celebrate
I bought a new camera and I showed
in the middle is big and a lot of people
asked me to tell her
because I was really looking for a
camera that has a resolution
professional but costing one with a
price ok to buy anyone
to talk giving money to him and the tube
managed to pay me
Ah I got to put together $ 250 I
I really do not have problems to talk
about how much I won is I think it's
so we are curious to
know how much people earn or not
My channel completed day 5 now a year.
and in that one year I always took everything in
Just kidding, not now, but it's
Now I 'm trying to improve so that
this really becomes something that I
do it for work or more seriously
that one year I could put 280 together
dollars like I did 18 years now they
ask to make an account in the bank I
I already did my name even went to the bank.
and I said that I had a channel on youtube
and that they would have to send money is
internationally then she explained everything to me.
correct and it was super easy easy it is very
easy on that had the $ 280
google adsense then paid me only 200
dollars but so is the exchange rate was high
so I managed to get one rock value
which was $ 575 for $ 200
my bank does not charge any fees and I
I find this incredible I do not know if this
Will you stay or not but I did not go
charged no fee then thank you
So I decided to talk to my
Mom, I said Mom, I think it's time.
already gave a good camera to everyone
see the quality of my video better
better and everything else because me too
thanks for the iphone and my iphone it does not
is supporting more recording
so because it has full memory
because the apple is garbage and you buy
a 16 gigabyte cell phone and it does not work
The camera that I bought was this one from here.
what is samsung mx3 thousand
I researched the internet a lot because
What I wanted was that the bottom of your
house and that it had a quality
rock very good
this was the pre-requisites and not less
important that she had the screen is
I do not know what it's called.
wake up I can see myself I record
video tutorials and I need to see the
What I'm doing sometimes does not have a
mirror in front of me so I use the
cell phone screen to see me
so I needed a camera that
If I had that I started searching and saw
they had very good cameras only they
they were very expensive which is not nikon until
even sony had many varieties of
so they were very
faces
so I said it and said that I just
I was going to buy a camera for a thousand reais
and I do not think so at such a cheap price
but if you think that this camera has
so much quality so it 's a price
here is the camera, this is it from here
so the camera is from here I paid
in her thousand reais
she was 1200 for the site of the
walmart gave discount of 200 reais
but I 've also seen other sites by
this thousand reais price is just you wait for the
best time then you get that
camera I had searched the internet
because most of the reviews that the
people do they do with ecom
landscape places on the street and I wanted to see
how was she in the person and then I
I searched for a channel and listened to the channel
carol justus that she had bought this
camera that then it degree has recorded high
recorded a scenario behind and what
It mattered to me that moving the
background it is interchangeable lens beyond
from here you can buy other
lenses for her is not cheap
if I'm not mistaken, besides I
I also wanted her possibly
soon I can have a day is hard
more or less 800 reais in the same place
I bought it then it is not cheap anymore
besides that she's already wonderful
this handle here that I do not use business
the charger and usb cable came and it is
connectable the flash has several manuals
here and see a memory card
comes the right lens
and the camera as well so now I
I explained everything, I'm going to change the camera.
for you to see the difference
and then you can feel the difference I
I'm really delighted with this lens
and with this camera serious looking here
Because I see you 're focused, it's not up.
still has to still have to have it
Serious side is only fit the bottom can see
which is well focused
my camera dream was that these
simon little light withdrawal stay
blurry and serious, I'm very happy
The closer I get, the more it goes.
focus
So it's me that I 've come a lot the reviews that this
camera is not very good at focusing on things
minimal and really not very good
same
but it is wonderful in all in all
That I'll give you an example.
lips and I'll give you an example.
talk not only for the delay but also for focusing
saw
It's just you catch the same morning as you.
Can you ask me the question?
repeated was where I bought this camera
and I bought it not to you
find there by camera samsung nx100 3
then it is very easy to find and
also has several sites that sells it
so super rock
so this is what I hope you have
liked this video if you liked who
I liked sharing with everyone if
subscribe to my channel
a thousand kisses and until the next video such ei
Hey Hey